you gotta be kidding me you're gonna
risk the entire mission for a mental
defective dress as a court justice it's
coming from a guy that wears a toilet
seat on his head we don't leave one of
our own behind hopefully harley's still
alive no funny business colonel
these are dangerous people team two is
clear to go
fire uh three two what are you guys
doing
what you were here to save you you were
gonna save me
really good plan too well i can go back
inside and you can still do it that's
patronizing i'm so sorry
harley quinn bloodsport
[Music]
you know the deal successfully complete
the mission you get 10 years off your
sentence
[Music]
you fail to follow my orders in any way
can i detonate the explosive device in
the base of your skull
this is the famous suicide squad
any questions
and yes that is your hand very good
we're all going to die i hope so
oh for [ __ ] sake here's the deal
we fail the mission you die we find out
any information you give us is false
you die if we find out you have
personalized license plates
you don't what no if you cough without
covering your mouth harley although that
isn't an open invitation for you to
cough without covering your mouth
what's the plan how the hell am i
supposed to know you're the leader
you're supposed to be decisive and i've
decided that you should eat a big bag of
dicks
but this whole beach was completely
covered in dicks and somebody said i'd
eat every dick until the beach was clean
for liberty i would say no problem why
would someone put
penises all over the beans well that's
why mad men do what they do
this is suicide well that's kind of our
thing
[Music]
i'm going to get you out of here alive
oh my god we've got a freaking kaiju up
in this [ __ ]
[Music]
i love the rain like angels are
splooting all
over us
hey sit down did we take him no hey sit
down
sit down or you're gonna pass up
commander
michael i'm zoe i'm a doctor i want you
to focus on slowing down your breathing
into your nose
out through your mouth
hi michael i'm miranda bunnett the
commander of the ship
do you remember what happened on the pad
i'm a launch support engineer man
how long was i out we took off about 12
hours ago
12 hours let me get back to my sister
please my sister she's alone i gotta get
back we're not going back what do you
mean we're not going back this is a
two-year mission
two years is a long time to be away but
this is the opportunity of a lifetime
i can learn fast ready yeah i'm ready
we are taking the first steps to being
able to call mars
a second home
[Music]
we're sorry that you missed the filet
mignon but this is the next best thing
we think it's spaghetti i should warn
you now that zoe thinks she's the
in-flight entertainment
there's no easy way to say this
life support is damaged permanently
we only have enough oxygen board for
three people
everyone on board will suffocate before
we ever make it to mars
hey ava i gotta face the fact that i'm
not gonna be there with you
this research is years of our lives are
we sure we want to throw it all away
[Music]
how much time do we have before it's too
late 20 days i think we should put
ourselves at risk
[Music]
for their sanity they need to try this
this is hopeless
[Music]
there's no way for all of us to survive
it's imperative that we try
birthday trip to hawaii we actually
have another surprise for you which on
someone willing to take us to the island
how else are you gonna finish your book
it was supposed to be a surprise
surprise
[Music]
what's the deal with the resort have you
been there yeah i heard the stories
how do you know it's not haunted i never
said it wasn't
if you want to get off this island do
not miss that trip home
the first people to set foot on that
island since its forced
shutdown what happened here again
dozens of unexplained disappearances and
the locals
swear by the existence of a half-faced
girl
so much for hawaii's scariest resort no
ghosts
all stories they're not just gonna be on
display sam
we should probably go home we have a
little bit of time the weather is
getting really weird
this doesn't feel right are you sure
this is where we came here
[Music]
someone's here who is that
it's not a luncheon
[Music]
and
this is a one-off it's a short time
frame
let me be crystal clear for this fee
it is delicate special outcome demanded
by client
call me when it's done
you're a professional an expert devoted
to timing and precision
you keep your tools in pristine
condition you make
precise plans but there's always
events you can't control
[Music]
collateral damage it happens you know
that
some of us will hear those cries of
anguish
and horror for all eternity
you know what you want and what's that
maybe something to eat instead
what do you want something was off about
the deputy
it's really simple when you think about
it cannot be killed
you know the rules do not rush
do not hesitate do not
get distracted something on your mind i
have one last loose end
loose end something personal
we're killing machines that's what we do
tell me who sent you
and now you're just catching up
go back a long way do not put me in a
bad position
happy homecoming to our cap and newbies
[Applause]
boys it's real simple top comment an
exclamation point
tag the hoes to protect the bros
you
something's happened with your brother
we just
found him at his fraternity we have one
victim
and are still looking for a suspect
please call us if you have any
information
we've had issues of cyber bullying on
campus
what do they pose an exclamation point
no someone's in here
[Music]
last year that girl
something happened to her
this is something that if it were to
spiral out of control
it could hurt all of us
i'm hoping to keep this between us
uh
he told me his story these
are his memories
can you feel him now in the earth
no i don't know what you mean i think
you do
so what are you working on searching
ways of making crops more efficient
funny place to study crops in a forest
we had to send a rescue party in to get
a groupout a couple of months ago
they got lost why didn't they use gprs
there's no phone reception in there
people get a bit funny in the woods
sometimes
you're worried she's gonna get you yeah
who is it it's a local folktale
she's the spirit of the woods
wake up something's there
listen someone's watching us
i saw something in the woods he wants to
[Music]
talk
what do you want
everything seems to just keep us here
uh
you